  We use the movie ticket booking system as an example to see how to approach any LLD problem.
  Clarifying the requirements:
  Generally, any movie booking system will have the following:
  Users will browse theatres, screens, movies, book seats, pay and get ticket.
  This system should be able to handle concurrent bookings efficiently.
  Keep it simple and concise.

  Once you get green signal for the above, you should further clarify more about the features
  and user flow
  Will this system have multiple user types like admin, customer, etc?
  How to handle seat availability and concurrent bookings? (Sync/async stuff)
  Is payment and ticket generation in the scope?

  These questions can lead you to a more clear path on what to do next.
  We do not jump directly to code until we get out what the interviewers want

  Assume that interviewers say admin and advanced features are out of scope and payment and concurrency are important. We will not get a clear idea of what use cases and services to focus on. We then list them down for the interviewers.

  Example:
  1. User search for theatres and movies based on location.
  2. Movies are mapped to screens and screens to theatres.
  3. Seats are selected and locked for booking.
  4. Payment processing confirms booking after successful payments.

  Then we ask the interviewers is this enough or do they have some concerns


  Once we are allowed to proceed, we will then move on the next steps and identify entities (classes)
  In our movie booking system example these can be the some of the entities:
  Users, Theatres, Movies, Payments, Seats, Shows, Booking

  After Identifying the entities, we can write code for entities and decide what members they will have.

  class Show may have a name, duration, id, etc.
  class Theatre may have a name, id, location, list of movies it has and list of screens, etc

  Once we are done with this, we start discussing the core methods of the entities.
  managing booking, concurrency, payment, (methods === functions)

  Some questions may be heavy and extreme on concurrency handling like synchronized locks, distributed locks etc so we may have to introduce them and answer any questions when required.

  Now we move on to discussing design patterns for certain methods.
  Here the interviewer might expect us to implement the services in full and probably run the code.
  Be prepared!

  If time permits, we can also talk about exception handling and flex on some more knowledge and have an in-depth discussion about design patterns whys and hows, custom exception handling etc.
